Fixing Links across a variety of files (#16581)
apache/incubator-mxnet: julia/docs/src/tutorial/mnist.md

LeNet architecture) on the [MNIST handwritten digit
dataset](http://yann.lecun.com/exdb/mnist/). The code for this tutorial
could be found in

> [examples/mnist](https://github.com/apache/incubator-mxnet/blob/master/julia/docs/src/tutorial/mnist.md).  There are also two Jupyter notebooks that expand a little more on the [MLP](https://github.com/ultradian/julia_notebooks/blob/master/mxnet/mnistMLP.ipynb) and the [LeNet](https://github.com/ultradian/julia_notebooks/blob/master/mxnet/mnistLenet.ipynb), using the more general `ArrayDataProvider`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[examples/mnist](https://mxnet.apache.org/api/julia/docs/api/tutorial/mnist/).  There are also two Jupyter notebooks that expand a little more on the [MLP](https://github.com/ultradian/julia_notebooks/blob/master/mxnet/mnistMLP.ipynb) and the [LeNet](https://github.com/ultradian/julia_notebooks/blob/master/mxnet/mnistLenet.ipynb), using the more general `ArrayDataProvider`. 
```

Reviewer 2: Spoke to Talia about this, and we'll get these updated in the next pass of link fixes (hopefully today). I don't want to have to run all of the CI tests again on this PR!
